in the beginning of the reign of
in the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah this word came from the Lord stand
Judah this word came from the Lord stand
Judah this word came from the Lord stand in the court of the Lord's house and
in the court of the Lord's house and
in the court of the Lord's house and speak to all the cities of Judah which
speak to all the cities of Judah which
speak to all the cities of Judah which come to worship in the Lord's house all
come to worship in the Lord's house all
come to worship in the Lord's house all the words that I command you to speak to
the words that I command you to speak to
the words that I command you to speak to them do not diminish a world perhaps
them do not diminish a world perhaps
them do not diminish a world perhaps everyone will listen and turn from his
everyone will listen and turn from his
everyone will listen and turn from his evil way that I may relent concerning
evil way that I may relent concerning
evil way that I may relent concerning the calamity which I purposed to bring
the calamity which I purposed to bring
the calamity which I purposed to bring on them because of the evil of their
on them because of the evil of their
on them because of the evil of their doings and you shall say to them thus
doings and you shall say to them thus
doings and you shall say to them thus says the Lord if you will not listen to
says the Lord if you will not listen to
says the Lord if you will not listen to me
me
me to walk in my law which I have set
to walk in my law which I have set
to walk in my law which I have set before you to heed the words of my
before you to heed the words of my
before you to heed the words of my servants the prophets whom I sent to you
servants the prophets whom I sent to you
servants the prophets whom I sent to you both rising up early and sending them
both rising up early and sending them
both rising up early and sending them but you have not heeded then I will make
but you have not heeded then I will make
but you have not heeded then I will make this house like Shiloh and will make
this house like Shiloh and will make
this house like Shiloh and will make this city a curse to all the nations of
this city a curse to all the nations of
this city a curse to all the nations of the earth so the priests and the
the earth so the priests and the
the earth so the priests and the prophets and all the people heard
prophets and all the people heard
prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the
Jeremiah speaking these words in the
Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the Lord now it happened when
house of the Lord now it happened when
house of the Lord now it happened when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all
Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all
Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all that the Lord had commanded him to speak
that the Lord had commanded him to speak
that the Lord had commanded him to speak to all the people that the priests and
to all the people that the priests and
to all the people that the priests and the prophets and all the people seized
the prophets and all the people seized
the prophets and all the people seized him you will surely die
him you will surely die
him you will surely die why have you prophesied in the name of
why have you prophesied in the name of
why have you prophesied in the name of the Lord saying this house shall be like
the Lord saying this house shall be like
the Lord saying this house shall be like Shiloh and this city shall be desolate
Shiloh and this city shall be desolate
Shiloh and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant and all the people
without an inhabitant and all the people
without an inhabitant and all the people would gathered against Jeremiah in the
would gathered against Jeremiah in the
would gathered against Jeremiah in the house of the Lord when the princes of
house of the Lord when the princes of
house of the Lord when the princes of Judah heard these things they came up
Judah heard these things they came up
Judah heard these things they came up from the King's house to the house of
from the King's house to the house of
from the King's house to the house of the Lord and sat down in the entry of
the Lord and sat down in the entry of
the Lord and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the Lord's house
the new gate of the Lord's house
the new gate of the Lord's house and the priests and the prophets spoke
and the priests and the prophets spoke
and the priests and the prophets spoke to the princes and all the people this
to the princes and all the people this
to the princes and all the people this man deserves to die well he has
man deserves to die well he has
man deserves to die well he has prophesied against this city as you have
prophesied against this city as you have
prophesied against this city as you have heard with your ears then jeremiah spoke
heard with your ears then jeremiah spoke
heard with your ears then jeremiah spoke to all the princes and all the people
to all the princes and all the people
to all the princes and all the people the lord sent me to prophesy against
the lord sent me to prophesy against
the lord sent me to prophesy against this house and against this city with
this house and against this city with
this house and against this city with all the words that you have heard now
all the words that you have heard now
all the words that you have heard now therefore i mend your ways and your
therefore i mend your ways and your
therefore i mend your ways and your doings and obey the voice of the lord
doings and obey the voice of the lord
doings and obey the voice of the lord your god then the lord will relent
your god then the lord will relent
your god then the lord will relent concerning the doom that he is
concerning the doom that he is
concerning the doom that he is pronounced against you as for me Here I
pronounced against you as for me Here I
pronounced against you as for me Here I am in your hand do with me as seems good
am in your hand do with me as seems good
am in your hand do with me as seems good and proper to you but know for certain
and proper to you but know for certain
and proper to you but know for certain that if you put me to death you will
that if you put me to death you will
that if you put me to death you will surely bring innocent blood on
surely bring innocent blood on
surely bring innocent blood on yourselves on this city and on its
yourselves on this city and on its
yourselves on this city and on its inhabitants for truly the Lord has sent
inhabitants for truly the Lord has sent
inhabitants for truly the Lord has sent me to you to speak all these words in
me to you to speak all these words in
me to you to speak all these words in your hearing so the princes and all the
your hearing so the princes and all the
your hearing so the princes and all the people fed to the priests and the
people fed to the priests and the
people fed to the priests and the prophets this man does not deserve to
prophets this man does not deserve to
prophets this man does not deserve to die for he has spoken to us in the name
die for he has spoken to us in the name
die for he has spoken to us in the name of the Lord our God when certain of the
of the Lord our God when certain of the
of the Lord our God when certain of the elders of the land rose up and spoke to
elders of the land rose up and spoke to
elders of the land rose up and spoke to all the Assembly of the people Micah
all the Assembly of the people Micah
all the Assembly of the people Micah abortion prophesied in the days of
abortion prophesied in the days of
abortion prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah and spoke to all
Hezekiah king of Judah and spoke to all
Hezekiah king of Judah and spoke to all the people of Judah saying thus says the
the people of Judah saying thus says the
the people of Judah saying thus says the Lord of hosts Zion shall be ploughed
Lord of hosts Zion shall be ploughed
Lord of hosts Zion shall be ploughed like a field
like a field
like a field Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins in
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins in
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins in the mountain of the temple like the bare
the mountain of the temple like the bare
the mountain of the temple like the bare hills of the forest did Hezekiah king of
hills of the forest did Hezekiah king of
hills of the forest did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah ever put him to
Judah and all Judah ever put him to
Judah and all Judah ever put him to death
death
death did he not fear the Lord and seek the
did he not fear the Lord and seek the
did he not fear the Lord and seek the Lord's favor and the Lord relented
Lord's favor and the Lord relented
Lord's favor and the Lord relented concerning the Dome which he had
concerning the Dome which he had
concerning the Dome which he had pronounced against them but we are doing
pronounced against them but we are doing
pronounced against them but we are doing great evil against ourselves
great evil against ourselves
great evil against ourselves now there was also a man who prophesied
now there was also a man who prophesied
now there was also a man who prophesied in the name of the Lord you Roger the
in the name of the Lord you Roger the
in the name of the Lord you Roger the son of she mayor of kiriath-jearim who
son of she mayor of kiriath-jearim who
son of she mayor of kiriath-jearim who prophesied against this city and against
prophesied against this city and against
prophesied against this city and against this land according to all the words of
this land according to all the words of
this land according to all the words of Jeremiah and when Jehovah kissed the
Jeremiah and when Jehovah kissed the
Jeremiah and when Jehovah kissed the king with all his mighty men and all the
king with all his mighty men and all the
king with all his mighty men and all the princes heard his words the King sought
princes heard his words the King sought
princes heard his words the King sought to put him to death but when you ride
to put him to death but when you ride
to put him to death but when you ride you heard it he was afraid and fled and
you heard it he was afraid and fled and
you heard it he was afraid and fled and went to Egypt
went to Egypt
went to Egypt then joy akin the king sent men to Egypt
then joy akin the king sent men to Egypt
then joy akin the king sent men to Egypt el Dathan the son of Akbar and other men
el Dathan the son of Akbar and other men
el Dathan the son of Akbar and other men who went with him to Egypt and they
who went with him to Egypt and they
who went with him to Egypt and they brought Uriah from Egypt and brought him
brought Uriah from Egypt and brought him
brought Uriah from Egypt and brought him to Jehoiakim the king who killed him
to Jehoiakim the king who killed him
to Jehoiakim the king who killed him with a sword and cast his dead body into
with a sword and cast his dead body into
with a sword and cast his dead body into the graves of the common people
the graves of the common people
the graves of the common people nevertheless the hand of a high CIM the
nevertheless the hand of a high CIM the
nevertheless the hand of a high CIM the son of shaphan was with jeremiah so that
son of shaphan was with jeremiah so that
son of shaphan was with jeremiah so that they should not give him into the hand
they should not give him into the hand
they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death